Separate out download instructions in README (#37)
groundlight/stream: README.md

A containerized python application that uses the [Groundlight](https://www.groundlight.ai/) [Python SDK](https://github.com/groundlight/python-sdk) to
process frames from a video file, device, or stream.

## Download

> The system is easy to use on any system with Docker installed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This application is easy to use on any system with Docker installed. 
```
Not related to your change I know but I think this wording is a bit better
